I believe that insiders will initiate a world crisis only if they feel it is necessary to get the public to accept their New World Order. The mere threat of a major world conflict could be enough to scare  the public into accepting such a change - especially when coupled with the existing problems of world hunger and global debt, and the created panic over the environment. As their campaign slogan openly proclaims "Global Problems Demand Global Solutions!"

Historically, however, wars have been effective in advancing the cause of world government; the fact is, major changes occur more easily during times of crisis.

Unlike the previous world wars in which Germany was the main instigator, the world's next major conflict will undoubtably be sparked by the hotbed of tensions surrounding the Middle East. If not Iraq a second time then perhaps Iran or Syria.

The writer believes that Syria might play a significant role in ushering in a new world order, if not as an instigator of war, then as a middle man for negotiating peace. It is too critical a nation to remain on the sidelines for very long and, contrary to popular belief, Syria - not Iraq - is the most powerful Islamic military state in the Middle East. It therefore merits close watching.

During the past several years, Syria appears to have been laying the groundwork for its own attack against Israel. Syrian troops now hold long sought after positions in Lebanon and have been prepared for such an invasion since early 1987. According to the U.S. Department of Defense publication, Soviet Military Power, Syria has also become the site of the largest Soviet arms build-up in the Third World, having contracted for $19 billion in military hardware. It currently boasts the largest number of Soviet military advisors of any Third World Country (1)

The Syrian government, meanwhile, has effectively turned the tables by falsely warning its people of a coming Israeli attack on Syria, although Israel has repeatedly denied such allegations. (2) According to the Jerusalem Post, during one of Syria's propaganda campaigns several years ago, it took a personal statement from Israeli Prime Minister, Yitzhak Shamir, to maintain peace. Shamir voiced his "incomprehension" at Syrian "nervousness, which", he said, "had triggered several strong Soviet warnings to Israel in recent days." (3) I believe the Syrian government was deliberately misleading its people in order to justify its own"pre-emptive" strike against Israel down the road. For these reasons, I have chosen to use Syria as our example in this scenario (although a similar scenario could be constructed using Iraq, Iran, or even Libya).

If the powers-that-be were to move Syria against Israel, it would be Syria's fatal mistake, planned this way by the conspirators in order to precipitate a world crisis. Unlike previous invasions, the Jewish state this time would have almost no time to respond. Its back would be to the wall quickly as Syrian MIG's would streak over Jerusalem within four minutes. Israel would be faced with a very difficult decision - either allow itself to be conquered, or else launch its nuclear arsenal against Syria and possibly Iraq. In late 1986, "London's Sunday Times printed an article stating that Israel may have a stockpile of as many as 200 nuclear warheads." (4) So we know that a nuclear exchange is a very real possibility.

There is an Old Testament prophecy concerning Damascus, the capital of Syria, which has yet to be fulfilled. Isaiah proclaimed: "See, Damascus will no longer be a city but will become a heap of ruins" (Isaiah 17:1). As it is Damascus is the oldest standing city in the world, never having experienced mass destruction. This prophecy must be fulfilled before the return of Christ.

Having lost several thousand of its military advisers in the exchange and with world opinion seemingly turned against Israel for her use of nuclear force, the Soviet Union could seize this opportunity to do what it has long desired - move against Israel. Arab pressure on the Soviets to invade Israel would add to the temptation.

If the Soviet Union came to the rescue of Syria, it would suddenly find itself on opposite sides with the United States. What could happen next is unthinkable. Mankind will have been brought to the brink of destruction.

Wicked men in high places have been contemplating such a crisis for years. In a letter to the Italian revolutionary leader Guiseppe Mazzini dated 15 August 1871 Albert Pike, the leader of the Illuminati's activities in the United States and the head of Scottish Rite Freemasonry at the time, described a distant final war, which he felt would be necessary to usher in the New World Order. (5)` According to Pike, this conflict between two future superpowers would be sparked by first igniting a clash between Islam and Judaism. He went on to write: 